system variable: clarify timezone for tidb_auto_analyze_time (#13422)
pingcap/docs: system-variables.md

- Persists to cluster: Yes
- Type: Time
- Default value: `23:59 +0000`

> - This variable is used to restrict the time window that the automatic update of statistics is permitted. For example, to only allow automatic statistics updates between 1AM and 3AM in UTC time, set `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time='01:00 +0000'` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time='03:00 +0000'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This variable is used to restrict the time window that the automatic update of statistics is permitted. For example, to only allow automatic statistics updates between 1 AM and 3 AM in UTC time, set `tidb_auto_analyze_start_time='01:00 +0000'` and `tidb_auto_analyze_end_time='03:00 +0000'`.
```
